Dianna Jaramillo: Hi there.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, gosh.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: Getting
Dominique Pozo: A little frustrated. I don't know why the virtual connected and give you the number right away. I'm sorry that we're starting late
Dianna Jaramillo: And yeah, it's okay, he actually told me this is the same guy dealt with yesterday, and he was supposed to
Dianna Jaramillo: Send me my my weekly survey and he never sent it yesterday. So today, he's talking to me like like as if I'm in trouble for not doing my survey and they told him well.
Dianna Jaramillo: You never you never sent it. And he was like, well, you need to do it every time you get it like kind of argumentative
Dianna Jaramillo: And I was like, well, send it and I'll do it because I always do. He was like, well, we could impede you from getting your prescription if you don't do it right away. And I'm like, yeah, dude. No shit, you know, I'm not like five I do it every time. And then he was like, so I guess Dominique Is
Dianna Jaramillo: She stuck in another appointment with another patient. She's running. Nice.
Dominique Pozo: That's not sure
Dianna Jaramillo: That's exactly what he said, He that you're running late that you're still stuck with the patient ahead of me and that he'll text me the meeting room ID when you're done when you send it to him.
Dominique Pozo: That's the lie, I'm gonna talk to Helena, because that's not okay, that if he's messing up he's putting it one on me and then whatever he was doing with your survey thing. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that was his name was Tony Tony you Anthony
Dominique Pozo: I saw he responded and said, Where's your ID number, and
Dominique Pozo: I said I sent it half an hour ago. Why didn't you give it to her.
So,
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know if he's
Dianna Jaramillo: New or if he's just learning or whatever. But yeah, he, he needs to get on it.
Dominique Pozo: For sure good feedback for me so that I can let him. No, no, because
Dominique Pozo: It's not
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's not okay to to
Dominique Pozo: To jump you on your time for your
Question.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, okay. Yeah, anyway. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm glad we're meeting they. I'm just wondering how it's going. And
Dominique Pozo: It's been, it's been a few weeks since we met individually.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, you know, um, well, these are
Dianna Jaramillo: Calm, I guess right now. I feel, I feel pretty
Dianna Jaramillo: I feel okay feel better than, than I did a few weeks ago, for sure. I think everything was just kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: You know everything's just kind of crazy. A few weeks ago with everything. Everything you know and
Dianna Jaramillo: And I don't know, for some reason, I don't really know why. Nothing really changed, but things do feel a little bit more
Dianna Jaramillo: More calm.
Dianna Jaramillo: And settled down. I don't know, it's weird. I just feel it.
Dominique Pozo: Great. That's good.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm glad I yeah yeah
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah definitely have me too. Yeah, I don't, I don't feel I felt like I was kind of depressed. A few weeks ago and like that was happening. I felt that way for a couple weeks solid like just depressed.
Dianna Jaramillo: Is known and just dark and
Dianna Jaramillo: Unhappy and you know and i and i really don't feel like that anymore, it's been it's been at least a few days since I felt like that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think just in the future if you're feeling that please reach out, because that's the time that support is
Dominique Pozo: Helpful because even just just naming and and getting off the chest, sometimes can make a shift, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah. That's totally true. And, but it's like that's the hardest time to actually reach out and ask for help to
Dominique Pozo: Totally. Totally. And I wonder, you know, I actually, you know, I don't shine like a negative light on depression. I, I do believe it is our spirits.
Dominique Pozo: Speaking to us.
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Dominique Pozo: As well. So I wonder when you reflect on what went on for you, you know, during that time.
Dominique Pozo: Did anything. Were there any reoccurring kind of thoughts or themes that had you down that you can think of that we could address now that you're you know up like above water.
Dianna Jaramillo: Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, is it not a good time to
Dominique Pozo: Talk. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's a good sign, actually what you just did. When you look to the side in the future that will help me to realize, Oh, this isn't a good time.
Dianna Jaramillo: Cool. Perfect.
Dianna Jaramillo: Thank you.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: You're so. But yeah, it was, it was that you know that that kind of stuff.
Dominique Pozo: Got it, okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, it was just really bad at that at that time.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Not like not like physically or anything. Just say
Dianna Jaramillo: That
Dominique Pozo: You know, just, yeah. The, the, just the that kind of tension and not having Herman you in your home.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I get it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, exactly.
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's take a deep breath and let's just acknowledge where you're at now every, you know, things are always moving always shifting and
Dominique Pozo: Nothing stays the same.
Dominique Pozo: You can count on that. Yeah.
Exactly.
Dominique Pozo: It's kind of a, it's a tricky one because it also goes for the good times. It's like okay you can appreciate
Dominique Pozo: The toilets here because nothing stays the same.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, exactly. I know I think about that. I think about that too so much. It's like, it really does. I feel like it makes me more appreciative for sure of when the good like when it's good when everything's
Dianna Jaramillo: Good when something really awesome is happening. It's like it just really makes you appreciate it more for sure.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Cool.
Dominique Pozo: Day and I wanted to check in. So they do you know they do the routine us with you all the urine analysis and I
Dominique Pozo: Pretty sure I need to double check with john but she checked in with me, she's like Oh, Diana came up positive for cocaine and we just wanted to check in with you and you know you don't get in trouble. You're not like kicked out of the program. But I just wanted to
Dominique Pozo: See what yeah going
Dianna Jaramillo: So yeah, that was kind of during that time, like that. Couple of weeks where everything was just like, I really
Dianna Jaramillo: Felt like
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, like, the next step is to just give up.
Dianna Jaramillo: Really, I was in, I just felt like a really dark place and someone showed up and you know and it and and I was just in that really shitty vulnerable place. And so I just kind of went with it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, and and it was awful. It felt it felt awful. I wasn't, I did not feel good about it. You know, I didn't, it wasn't like an enjoyable thing like how I remember it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Because I wasn't drinking or
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, doing anything else. So it wasn't like fun. And like the
Dianna Jaramillo: Situation. It was like
Dianna Jaramillo: Escape just escape, escape.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, you know, and so it really was not enjoyable. It really wasn't. I did not. I felt so shitty and cruelty.
Dianna Jaramillo: Mentally, you know, physically, I just know
Dianna Jaramillo: Like shit and and I was like, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't do this. I don't want to be doing this. That's just I'm opening doorways, you know, for myself, because it's like, once that first time. Once you get that first time out of the way. It just gets easier.
Dominique Pozo: To do it. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Anytime after that. And I know that better than anyone you know so
Dianna Jaramillo: So yeah, I
Dianna Jaramillo: Came to the situation.
Dianna Jaramillo: Or what happened.
Dominique Pozo: But so I mean I'm
Dominique Pozo: I'm happy for you that you recognized. Wow. This doesn't feel good. It's not what I want. I think that's what the
Dianna Jaramillo: Lets
Dominique Pozo: You know, whether it's a slip with alcohol or whatever, whatever it is. It's just an I think sometimes ideally it helps to kind of bring someone back to center of
Dominique Pozo: Like yeah, this is what I want. What I don't want you know
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I, I
Dianna Jaramillo: Felt that I feel like you know like that was stronger for me.
Dianna Jaramillo: Than ever when that happened, like in the next few days. I mean, I definitely felt shitty about it, but it really did kind of help bring me back to
Dianna Jaramillo: You know where where I want to be and what what i want to be, you know, and I don't want to be. I don't want to be that I don't want to be that person at all anymore ever again.
Dianna Jaramillo: So it's, it really was like a good reminder
Dianna Jaramillo: So I tried to not beat myself up for it, you know.
Dominique Pozo: Totally, yeah. Good.
Dominique Pozo: I'm glad. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes.
Dominique Pozo: That's not good either to go and do this.
Dominique Pozo: At viral and and guilt and then feel bad and and be like, oh, you know, effort and
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, exactly.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. Great.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. So yeah, that's kind of what happened and
Dianna Jaramillo: And that was that. And it's what's that
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Good. Well, I just wanted to check in with you and I think
Dominique Pozo: What maybe was a bit alarming for Joan and then kind of turned me on to, to ask about it was that that was the time when we weren't hearing from you. I don't think and and so I was just wondering. Oh no, like, I wonder what's going on so
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, just
Dominique Pozo: I just wanted to follow up with it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I wasn't, I was not on it as as much as I usually am doing that, that couple of weeks there. It was like I just
Dianna Jaramillo: Was spiraling kind of like, now that I look at it, then it didn't really feel like that. It just felt like I just felt really sad and and down and dark, kind of, but I'm not going to look at it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Look back at that just, you know, a week ago for that two or three weeks there. It was like spiraling I really felt like I was I was getting ready to just
Dianna Jaramillo: Crash and Burn
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dianna Jaramillo: Like I was getting pretty close to that. But really didn't want to
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, like I was really fighting it at the same time.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, so
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know how mean I can
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm pretty good at fighting that that kind of stuff, you know, like
Dianna Jaramillo: Falling really super deep into depression and stuff like that. Um, I am. I'm actually really good at fighting off fighting off that kind of stuff.
Dominique Pozo: Well, this is when I think about your, your chart and all the fire that you have in it. And I think it's really helpful. You know that you've got
Dianna Jaramillo: So many
Dominique Pozo: Fire inside that even if you
Dominique Pozo: sink down you know how to light yourself back up and
Dominique Pozo: Re come back up. So, yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. That's really true for me.
For sure.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, and then like another kind of weird thing.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm like, I've been waking up crying.
Dianna Jaramillo: Huh. It's like on
Dianna Jaramillo: This. The last time it happened was, like, about, I don't know, maybe three nights ago
Dianna Jaramillo: But I'm like I'm, I'm just like having this horrible dream and
Dianna Jaramillo: And I'm all I really remember is that most time. It's about my mom like my mom's there and I'm crying And I'm like really crying begging her
Dianna Jaramillo: Just I don't know really what I can't really remember details. I just know that like I'm crying for her.
Dianna Jaramillo: For something like I'm talking to her.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm trying really, really hard. And then I wake up and I'm like,
Dianna Jaramillo: Like I can't
Dianna Jaramillo: I can't breathe because I'm crying so hard in my dream.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dianna Jaramillo: And that's happened actually that's happened like three times in the last couple weeks.
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's take a moment with that because that
Dominique Pozo: That I I am so
Dominique Pozo: I so respect our dreams you know I
Dominique Pozo: Just know the parts of our psyche that either don't have the space or it's too scary to look at in
Dominique Pozo: Yet consciously so
Dominique Pozo: Let's take a moment and just be with what your psyche is allowing to come through. I think it, it sounds really positive that some emotion is moving through even if it's while you're sleeping and
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So maybe if you can
Dominique Pozo: Just contact that that space in yourself and notice where in your body.
Dominique Pozo: You like if your body has a memory of waking up with that. Where, where is that in your body and
Dominique Pozo: Maybe warm your hands up together and then just place your hands on, you know, wherever that
Dominique Pozo: That emotion is
Dominique Pozo: Moving through you.
Dianna Jaramillo: may tell me, for sure.
Dominique Pozo: your tummy. Okay, great. So let's take a moment and just hold your tummy.
Dominique Pozo: And really giving that a little more more space, you know, just
Dominique Pozo: Letting the tummy know hey I'm listening and I
Dominique Pozo: See you, I hear you.
Dominique Pozo: Your voice is important. You know, the voice of emotion that's coming through.
Dominique Pozo: And then just if you can, if you could say anything to your tummy or ask it anything, what would you say or ask
Dominique Pozo: And really speak it through your hands as you're making contact
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't really. I don't know. I don't know what I would say.
Dominique Pozo: What would you tell me say to your hands.
Dominique Pozo: If you can imagine that your hands are like this extension of your heart that are listening, what would your tummy say to them.
Dianna Jaramillo: So I don't know. It's like, it feels like a little kid vibe.
Dianna Jaramillo: Like
Dianna Jaramillo: Make a little kid get scared and or sad. In the end, it makes their stomach hurt. It feels like that.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: So if that scared little kid could say something or asked for something from your hands. This extension of your heart, would it couldn't ask for anything.
Dianna Jaramillo: Just worms probably just the one thing that healing energy
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: And how can your hands. Imagine that they could offer that to this part of you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Through here.
Dominique Pozo: They're here. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: What kind of heat.
Dianna Jaramillo: Like energy, the
Dianna Jaramillo: Energy that builds up in the pits already happening, the palms of my hands are turning super red
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's happened. My whole life.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dianna Jaramillo: That energy that builds up in it turns hopped in my
Dianna Jaramillo: In my palms. It's like
Dianna Jaramillo: That's like a healing energy, I think.
Dominique Pozo: So what is your belly. Think about that. Is that what your belly would like
Dominique Pozo: Does that feel like it. Yeah, okay. Okay, sounds like there's maybe some consent and an agreement here that
Dominique Pozo: Your hands will offer heat and your belly would like that.
Yep.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yep, definitely.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes. Oh good right away.
Dominique Pozo: So let's stick with that good feeling just for a little longer here.
Dominique Pozo: So the belly is like
Dominique Pozo: The second brain it's or you could say the first brain. It's the it. There's a whole plexus of nerves in our belly that take in
Dominique Pozo: You know, the environment. That's why little kids often if they're having a hard time their belly hurts first because all the nervous system has its reaction through the belly, so
Dominique Pozo: This is a really great. I think it'll be a really great practice to keep soothing yourself from this part of you because there are so many nerves here and it was calming for the whole nervous system.
Dianna Jaramillo: Well, cool. Yeah, that's interesting.
Dominique Pozo: Here in Hawaii. They call it the night owl and a little Akina a you and this is like
Dominique Pozo: When I've been around Hawaiian families and I listened to the elders, talk to the little ones, they tell them what is your house, say, you know, move
Dominique Pozo: Out and they really they. This is where they move from this is like their. That's the first brain for them. They don't say move from what you think they're like, move from here, so there's
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Dominique Pozo: Different cultures they really trust this part. So I just really want to honor, you're not out and
Dominique Pozo: And
Dianna Jaramillo: Well, yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Well that's, that's awesome. And that's, that's, like, I, I've always kind of felt like it just non that like instinctual really like it's typing.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, yeah, like people are or more tapped into to that in that that energy than then we give ourselves credit for. Right. I feel like I've always known that
Dominique Pozo: For sure there's we all have this like real primitive part that
Dianna Jaramillo: That no yeah and you know
Dominique Pozo: Maybe some of these cultures that have remained a little more earth based they they just remember, and they still move and operate from here, but
Dominique Pozo: You know, our culture. We're so in our head and
Dominique Pozo: Yet, figuring things out. So yep
Dominique Pozo: Let's, um, let's see, we still have we still have about half an hour. I'm wondering, do you want to stick with this and deepen with it with some art or writing or music or do you want to switch to something else. Where, where would you like to go in a session.
Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't, I don't know, we could. What else would we switch to I don't really have anything
Dominique Pozo: Wherever your, you want to take me. Yeah. So it's kind of like, you know, I think I'm asking. I'm just thinking, Okay. Is there anything else that's up for you that
Dominique Pozo: That you want to address or talk about maybe it's not a good space or time because you've got someone else there. Yeah, I feel I do sense there's a lot more that we could talk about yet. It's not maybe the safest space to do that right now.
Right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: I have an idea. How about
Dominique Pozo: How about if you can get some pen and a paper or some art supplies. Anything that you can actually
Dominique Pozo: Let's
Dominique Pozo: Let's talk about it, but not verbally.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm going to ask you some questions and then you can either respond with your own writing or with an image or
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Let's see.
Dominique Pozo: What could a question be
Dominique Pozo: Why don't you show me with a drawing.
Dominique Pozo: Anything, anything that you want to show me through a drawing around this topic, so
Dominique Pozo: I don't, I just, I don't really know where to begin with it. So I want you to show me.
Dominique Pozo: Through an image.
Dominique Pozo: What where
Dominique Pozo: Where shall we begin
Okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: Simple
Dianna Jaramillo: fast and simple and basic
Dianna Jaramillo: But I can see if you can see this one on your left.
Dianna Jaramillo: Side, can you can you see it.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, the so it looks like like a something spiky and a hand moving towards it with a little drip.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, like having like something like one of those little, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: They're like
Dianna Jaramillo: Really like poisonous. The little ones in the sea.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh, like a zero action.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah
Dianna Jaramillo: Those are like pending pending one of those like like loving in wanting to pet it
Dominique Pozo: Oh, they hurt.
Dianna Jaramillo: They hurt. No much
Dominique Pozo: When they when they go when they penetrate it hurts. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, exactly. And then the other. I made another real quick.
Dianna Jaramillo: Quickly, it's stroke.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dianna Jaramillo: It's like the lips are gonna kiss a, like a venomous snake.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Well, interesting what okay so so
Dominique Pozo: The first thing that comes to my mind is will you write a list of words that describe the sea urchin, and then a list of words that described the
Snake.
Dianna Jaramillo: It's kinda like the same words are coming up for both of them.
Okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: To describe both of them.
Dianna Jaramillo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Do you want to show me or do you want to read them.
Dianna Jaramillo: And beautiful and poisonous and on the snake deadly
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dianna Jaramillo: The
Dianna Jaramillo: Lake rare. They're both like rare.
Dianna Jaramillo: To see or to be in contact with
Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Sounds to me, correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like there's there's like an enchanting quality about them like
Dominique Pozo: Something in you like just
Dominique Pozo: Towards the thing. And then, but part of you knows this might not be in my best interest, but you're still reaching for it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: What is it that you're reaching towards
Dominique Pozo: So what is the enchanting so you said beautiful
Dominique Pozo: You said rare what let's expand on that a little more
Dianna Jaramillo: Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes, just like being
Dianna Jaramillo: Almost like like wanting something you can't have
Dominique Pozo: So what do you think it is that you want that you can't have
Dominique Pozo: And if it feels too vulnerable to sit speak it right now because you've got someone around, you can write it
Dianna Jaramillo: Slowly, okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then you can show it to me.
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know if you could even see
Dominique Pozo: Love. Okay, okay, okay. So what I'm hearing is that
Dianna Jaramillo: The thing that you're you're
Dominique Pozo: That you're wanting and longing for his love it and
Dominique Pozo: Maybe with this person, not
Dianna Jaramillo: Is not possible dangerous.
Dominique Pozo: It. Yeah. So you keep hurting yourself. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: It's dangerous. Yeah. Okay. Um,
Dominique Pozo: Tell me more about the love. Tell me more about what that would look
Like
Dianna Jaramillo: Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, just
Dianna Jaramillo: happy and healthy and
Dianna Jaramillo: Like
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: Supportive and
Dianna Jaramillo: Understanding
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, forgiving.
Dianna Jaramillo: All those things like that's that's what I want. That's what I want to be.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: So I'm going to reflect what I heard.
Dominique Pozo: happy, healthy understanding forgiving.
Dominique Pozo: Supportive
Dominique Pozo: I'm going to say it one more time really slow happy.
Dominique Pozo: Healthy
Dominique Pozo: Supportive
Dominique Pozo: Forgiving.
Dominique Pozo: Understanding
Dominique Pozo: What happens when I say these things to your belly.
Dianna Jaramillo: It turns. Yeah, I feel it in my go up to my throat.
Dominique Pozo: Does it also elicit some other emotion.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, I guess just like sadness.
Dominique Pozo: I feel that I felt a wave of grief in my heart, as I was saying these things. I felt
Dominique Pozo: Some degree.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So would you write down those words happy, healthy
Dominique Pozo: Understanding supportive
Dominique Pozo: Forgiving all these words that you said
Dominique Pozo: Because that does sound like love to
Me.
Dominique Pozo: That sounds like safety to me as well and
Dianna Jaramillo: Yep.
Dominique Pozo: And the little kid on the belly. They
Dianna Jaramillo: They need that safety. Yep.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah I did that I put in safe in kind.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's think about
Dominique Pozo: How
Dominique Pozo: How do you give yourself some of these things that are so important.
Dominique Pozo: Moment.
Dianna Jaramillo: Really good question.
Dianna Jaramillo: I
Dianna Jaramillo: Don't know. I guess the
Dianna Jaramillo: Train just trying to take care of myself in
You know me.
Dianna Jaramillo: Just trying so hard to just be
Dianna Jaramillo: Good to myself and not
Dianna Jaramillo: Put you know bad stuff in my body.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: And I want a name to, you know, come into group and to your sessions that is supporting understanding and
Dianna Jaramillo: Rate.
Dominique Pozo: You know, potentially forgiveness of self.
Dominique Pozo: So I just want to name that to that you are showing up for yourself in these ways
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah. I thought about that to those two things as well.
Dominique Pozo: What's happening right now. Are these tears or allergies or
Dianna Jaramillo: Pray both
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, because it's always there. It's always like
Dianna Jaramillo: Dry and you know there's so yesterday out here in
Dianna Jaramillo: Matter how much he does it just builds up immediately. It's awful.
Dominique Pozo: Totally. I know. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: It can be intense. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna play a song. The song keeps coming to my mind.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, here we go.
Dominique Pozo: Can you hear me.
Yes.
As we can see the
Lead
Dominique Pozo: See, let it rain down for
You
Everything that has ever happened is everything we can imagine Lowdown patterns of pain and passion cannot keep your patch.
Accidents
Factions there is no us and them or lens no enemy or friend and this kid.
London genocide to the seven sisters who are giving Orion chances and
Dominique Pozo: Give
Dominique Pozo: This gift from top
Dianna Jaramillo: That all of your mistakes.
Dianna Jaramillo: Well, thanks.
Dianna Jaramillo: A lot. I have to go to tell me no
Dianna Jaramillo: That was me. That was so
Dianna Jaramillo: DEEP Oh my god, that was really
Dianna Jaramillo: really special. Perfect.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I'm so glad. Yeah, and
Dominique Pozo: I just one line that when you were talking kept coming to my mind was, you know, all the mistakes we've made or quote mistakes are great. It can become our greatest gift and
Dominique Pozo: Exactly really like honoring you and your path and everything, all the choices you've made, and you're still making you know there
Dominique Pozo: They are going to you know just build you up in the end.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yep, yep.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yep. Always have that's
Dianna Jaramillo: Always I've always believed believe that in that that one line.
Dianna Jaramillo: Wow, that was, that was amazing.
Dianna Jaramillo: Now as we get ready all over
Dianna Jaramillo: Guys.
Dominique Pozo: Let's just take a moment before we disconnect and just
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, just really acknowledging that tender heart you carry that sensitive belly that not all that knows so
Dianna Jaramillo: Much
Dominique Pozo: That knows exactly what you need.
Dianna Jaramillo: And then up
Dominique Pozo: By your spirit that keeps you you know keeps picking yourself back up no matter what.
Dominique Pozo: Just acknowledging all these parts.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Deep breath.
Dominique Pozo: Something that came to my mind in the song to is are you near a river.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I wonder, I wonder if you can take time to go by the river and you take more time for yourself.
Dominique Pozo: You know, whatever's going on at home. That's home but just finding a safe place by the river for yourself. You know, he talked about yet. The river swelling.
Dominique Pozo: Or something like this. And I know those rivers in New Mexico are so magical to find some water in the middle of the desert is a gift.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah we're real close to, to the big, big one.
Or what yeah
Dominique Pozo: That's my
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's such a special river for me.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, it's really beautiful. They sort of stopped everyone from going up there but
Dianna Jaramillo: I think, I think that might be open now and and but yeah I know like even moving water running waters. It's just so powerful.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so I'm going to invite you, maybe in the next week or until we meet again individually.
Dominique Pozo: Just at least one time. See if we can at least take yourself. The ones. And if it happens to be more and and find a special spot, find your, your special spot there that it's just for you, you know. OK.
Dianna Jaramillo: Ok ok now.
Dominique Pozo: And before we go shall we look at the calendar and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah enough. So you tell me
Dominique Pozo: So, today's the 27th when
Dianna Jaramillo: When would you like to meet
Dominique Pozo: Again next
Dianna Jaramillo: Is Wednesday, typically a good day.
Dominique Pozo: This is a good day and time for me so
Okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: So then how about the
Dianna Jaramillo: 10th.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's perfect. That works really well, actually.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, cool. They can take 12 then
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's
Dianna Jaramillo: Awesome. Okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, I'll see you then.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Have a great day. And I'm going to talk to bright heart health about Tony is this
Dominique Pozo: Happening around
Dominique Pozo: That whole yeah
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. Cool, thank you so much for that too.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay. Beautiful day to
Dominique Pozo: You too. Yeah. Okay. Take care.
Dianna Jaramillo: You too. Bye bye.